Users should be able to:
• Deposit money into their account.
• Withdraw money from their account.
• Check the balance on their account.
You should create a solution to this problem WITHOUT the use of functions (i.e. don’t write any functions of your
own).
Part A)
Write out the sub-problems involved in this overall problem. Identify any assumptions you need to make about the
program’s logic, including the types of data involved.
Part B)
For each sub-problem, write the pseudocode for its solution. This pseudocode can be listed within the code as
comments if you wish.
Part C)
Based on your pseudocode, create the code for the solution.


The outcome is kinda program with user input to add or subtract money from a user's account.
Requirements:
    -   get user log in and sign in
    -   user input
    -   data storage and allocation of account to user
    -   ability to change the data based on the user input
    -   file to store all the data that is going to act as DB

make a table for users, columns : username, password, account_balance
open a file with all the  data and load it into list


if user is logged in:
    match statement to get what user want:
        in case it is withdrawal:
            ask how much, subtract it from account and get him the money
        in case it is deposit:
            ask how much, add it to account and get the money from him
        in case it is to check balance:
            tell him how poor he is
        in case he wants to log out:
            log out and say bye bye
        in case it is something else:
            tell hime wtf he wants, I have no idea...

if user is not logged in:
    match statement if user wants to sign up or log in:
        in case he wants to log in:
            ask what is his username
            ask what is his password
            if it is correct:
                log him in
            else:
                say your credentials are wrong
        in case he wants to sign up:
            ask for username
            ask for password
            make a new row in table of users with username, password and account balance of 0
        in any other case:
            ask wtf he wants here

